---
title: K8s 源码阅读 3
---



## The repositories

### The Client Library-- k8s.io/client-go

`k8s.io/client-go` is a typical web service client library that supports all API types that are officially part of Kubernetes. It can be used to execute the usual REST verbs.

- Create
- Get
- List
- Update
- Delete
- Patch
- Watch

For each Kubernetes 1.x.y release, there is a client-go release with a matching tag kubernetes-1.x.y.

Most of your code that speaks to Kubernetes APIs will use `tools/clientcmd/` to set up a client from a `kubeconfig` file, and `kubernetes/` for the actual Kubernetes API clients.

### Kubernetes API Types--k8s.io/api

As we have seen, `client-go` holds the client interfaces. The Kubernetes API Go types for objects like pods, services, and deployments are located in their oven repository. It is accessed as `ki8.io/api` in Go code.

The Pod Go types is  found in `k8s.io/api/core/v1`, and similarly for all other API types in Kubernetes. The actual Go types are contained in a `type.go` file. In addition, there are other files, most of them automatically generated by a code generator.

```sh
# k8s.io/api/core/v1
Pod
Service
ReplicaSet
```



### API Machinery--k8s.io/apimachinery

Last but not least, there is a third repository called API Machinery, which is used as `k8s.io/apimachinery` in Go.

Nevertheless, you'll meet a lot of API Machinery packages in Kubernetes-native Go code. An important one is `k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/api/meta/v1`. It contains many of the generic API types such as `ObjectMeta`, `TypeMeta`, `GetOptions`, and `ListOptions`.t



```sh
# pkg/apis/meta/v1
ObjectMeta
TypeMeta
ListOptions
DeleteOptions
GetOptions
Status
Events

```



### Create and Using a client







> group ?
>
> 


