### 13th May 2022

Hi, June, this class, I hope you could help me to correct the typo and grammar and make the sentence I have made much more like a native speaker. I would appreciate it if you could help me. The sentences here are the answer about the first class. The first phase is about my hometown, the second is about my name, the third is about my job, and last but not least is about my electronic devices.



Hi, I am Airren. I come from China in  Shanghai City, the city is currently under lockdown due to the COVID-19.

I am not a native inhabitant(citizen) of Shanghai. I went here to work right after I graduated from my master's courses and got my master's degree, I got my first job in Shanghai. Till now, I still work in Shanghai but changed my position. 

My hometown is Shandong province, north of China, Jinan City. It is an average town surrounded by mountains and it's abundant with spring water. The water comes out from the underground to the surface. It is like a machine(water pump) that brings the water to the ground, nonstop. What magic it is. The most famous spring water is named Baotu spring. And the spring pool is fed by underwater limestone water through three outlets. It's beautiful and magical. Nature really does its magic.

Next, I want to talk something about my name, Airren. My Chinese last name is Ren, so I combined the Air and Ren to Airren. Someday, I found it is a game's character name, and the game is 'All Start Tower Defense.' Airren is a 5-star summoner and ground-type unit based on Eren Yeager from the series Attack on Titan. He can only be obtained from the Hero Summon. Airren is not Airen, not a typo. Airen as a name for boys is a Hebrew name, and the name Airen means "mountain of strength."  I think Airren contains Airen, so Airren is better for me. That's how I got my name.

And then, Let's talk something about my work. I am a software developer working in Intel now. Intel is a global processor vendor. My work focus on Cloud Native Network research. This is a fundamental function for most applications' backend. The application in our smart-Phone is the Frontend Part. The service has a lot of remote servers(computers) to run the backend application to make it work. I worked in Intel for about half a year.
Before joining Intel, I worked in ByteDance for two years after graduation. The work I did in ByteDance focused on Time Series Data Management. From the name, you can know that Time Series Data is a kind of data combined with time. For example, the temperature of a day is different with the time changes. The specific time and the temperature of this time assembled a record. This record is time-series data. In ByteDance, the online users' number, the hot video playtimes, or advertisements playtimes, and all this record can be Time Series Data. They collect the time series data and analysis to predict the peak workloads and keep the application's stability. So every time you open TikTok, it will feed some exciting videos. Sometimes the application will be crashed due to a random error, but it won't suffer for a long time. It always gets normal quickly. We can create a Trending list through the Time-series Data to show the hot discussion.

What's more, maybe because I work with a computer every day to programming, I like to try a different kind of electric device. I am an Apple user. I have an iPhone, iPad, MacBook, and flex headphones. I have different types of computers, such as a Surface Laptop(portable computer) and several Intel NUCs(mini PC). And I have assembled a Desktop Computer by myself. I bought a motherboard, CPU, memory modules, disk, and a power supply on an online shop like amazon or Shopee(In China is Taobao or JD). I also have a Nintendo Switch. I'd like to play the game on the switch on the weekend, some like the Super Mario series. And then, I have a NAS dedicated for storage which is not a docking station. A docking station is an extended device for a computer. But NAS, like a low-power computer, runs 24 hours every day, and with ample storage disk, all my computers can access the NAS to read or write the data. NAS is a home data share center.

This is the first time I have taken this kind of class. Before this class, I rarely talked in English but always read some English content about computer science on tech websites, such as stack overflow, Github, and Linux foundation.
I am taking this class want to speak more, and at the same time, I want to correct my pronunciation and accent. Most of the time, I don't know how to express the thought in my brain, organize the sentence, and speak that out. I think with your help, I will learn to munch more words and speak fluently, and finally, I can think in English and speak out everything in my mind without getting stuck.







### 15/16/17th May 2022

Talk about my self-introduction.

18th May 2022








