Today，Let's talk something about computer



All the computers that are developed are not the same, they have different designs and features. Some computers have a very high capacity as well as working speed; however, some are slow. Depending on the requirements, computers are being developed.



Depending upon the internal structure, and applicability, the computer system is categorized as follows −

### Mainframe Computer

It is high capacity and costly computer. It is largely used by big organizations where many people can use it simultaneously.

### Super Computer

This category of computer is the fastest and also very expensive. A typical supercomputer can solve up to ten trillion individual calculations per second.

### Workstation Computer

The computer of this category is a high-end and expensive one. It is exclusively made for complex work purposes.

### Personal Computer (PC)

It is a low-capacity computer developed for single users.



Personal computers can be split into Desktop computers, laptops, mini PC, and tablets.

##### Laptop computer (notebook)

It is a handy computer that can be easily carried anywhere.

##### Tablet and Smartphone

Modern technology has advanced further. It has helped develop computers that are pocket-friendly. Tablets and smartphones are the best examples of such computers.





Next, we can talk something about the Operate System. Such as window, Linux(Ubuntu or CentsOS, or fedra, or Arch linux).

Windows is very expensive, one of my compute is Windows 11. I bought the license from Taobao(like Shopee), it's much cheaper than the official store.  When I in university, that time, I didn't have income. I use the hacked windows, it's free.

And, I am not a Windows office suit user, It's expensive, In China, the company named JiaShan Software, the have a production similar to Office that is WPS. It has enough compatibility with Windows Office Document, Powerpoint, and Excel. It's an all-in-one software. You can use WPS to edit the file with the suffix .doc , .ppt, exl, and so on,



In Ubuntu, there is also a free Version Office software, name Libra Office(I don't know is it the spell correct). I rarely used the ubuntu with a desktop,  I just use a command-line user.







insufficient preparation

### 13th May 2022

**Teacher June**

- backlog
  - A number of people have been employed to deal with the backlog of work.
- trending 
  - Shortly after the semi-finals, she became a  trending topic on Chinese social media and she became famous quickly around the world.
- Hot discussion
- R&D Research & development

Trail class comment: He likes to talk with me, but unfortunately our conversations are very limited. He has some difficulty understanding some works but especially when talking a bit fast. I enjoy having Ren in my class.

- Self-introduction/Job/hometown/electric device

### 14th May 2022

**Teacher June**



**Internet Addiction:** 

- What‘s your opinion about Internet Addiction?

- Have you ever been addicted to the internet?
- Have you been scammed before?
- Are you a victim of fake news?
- What should we do to keep our personal data safe?



In my opinion, Internet online games are something that you can't reject by yourself. Once you drop in, you can't stop doing that.

And TikTok, the feeding video platform, is another kind of Internet drug,  while using the TikTok, I don't know what about the next video, so I expect the next video, and wait to get funny with it.  and my brain will produce a lot of dopamine to make me feel happy.



About 4 years ago,  when the TikTok became popular, I have been addicted to TikTok for a while(about 3 months). I can stop myself to swap to the next video. And I also played Tencent's mobile games, such as mobile Legend and  PUBG Mobile. But I haven't lost in the game. 



There's a big risk to use an unsafe website. If you logged into an unsafe website, you might leak your private information. Others might steal your information.

I know the fake news and actual news. I am not a victim of fake news.

We should not write our information on different sites and regularly change our passwords.

Mobile Legends: Bang Bang

**CHAT:**

In pairs/groups, talk about these topics or words from the article. What does the article say about them? What can you say about these words and your life?

Internet dangers

Fake news

Personal data

platform

information

opportunities

strategy

solution

Free speech

Have a chat about the topics you liked. Change the subject and partner frequently.

**GOOD:**

 Student A strongly believes the internet is a good thing; Student B strongly thinks the Internet is a bad thing. Change partners again and talk about your conversation.

**DANGERS:**

What are the dangers of the internet? How can we avoid them? Complete this table with your partner(s). Change partners often and share what you wrote.



|                | Dangers | How to avoid them |
| -------------- | ------- | ----------------- |
| Identity theft |         |                   |
| Phishing       |         |                   |
| Cyber-bullying |         |                   |
| Fake news      |         |                   |
| Personal data  |         |                   |
| Addiction      |         |                   |

**Problems**

Rank this with your partner. Put the biggest problems with the Internet at the top. Change partners often and share your ranking.



I will revise the material to make it a bit easy.

***Comment***: Today we had our 2nd class and we used computer-related material. He has difficulty distinguishing sounds in words when speaking. Ren remembers new words and reads very well. However, some words are a bit hard for him. In listening and comprehension exercises and activities, he usually does well. He follows the material easily. Ren is achieving good success with English.



### 15th May 2022

Self-introduction

### 16th May 2022

Comment: very persistent in learning. I love the learning attitude. Keep it up.

Self-introduction

### 17th May 2022

Self-introduction



### 18th May 2022

**Teacher Anj**

- I just pull my weight.

You were very enthusiastic, just keep on working with your pronunciation vocabulary.

Thanks, Anj. I love your class, you are full of passion and patience. You are an excellent and professional teacher. I think you have magic in the class. When I take your class, you can take all of my attention. I think you are very popular on this platform, your class is very hard to reserve.

I have worked from home since two months ago.

**Teacher June**

Talk something about Solid State Disk.

Ren asks pertinent questions about the material under discussion. He listens attentively and usually understands what I'm explaining to the class. Ren demonstrates his understanding of new materials by providing an answer to the teacher's question. Ren's understanding of the material is excellent.



### 19th May 2022

**Teacher June**

Talk something about computer

complex/ complicated

Distribution version

Laggy： old computer is laggy



He can correctly use basic verb tenses in short sentences but I would like him to start speaking in longer, more accurate sentences. He has some difficulty understanding people who speak with average speed. Ren demonstrates an excellent understanding of new material by always providing an answer to the teacher's question. Airren is continuing to do very well in English.



### 20st May 2022

**Teacher Anj**

- The vocal concert is Live
- family obligation & reunion & the school's annual reunion 
- Participate
- It wears me out.
- Tradition

To give a blessing.

Thank you for having me again. You have so many good ideas to share. You can expand your ideas very well. Thank you again for attending the class, take care. See you again.

> Ask about "It wears me out"

**Teacher Indi**

- elaborate 

  Elaborate design/ an elaborate computer system/ elaborate meal

- Fishing rod
- Until the dark is coming

I will find the word.

I have been working from home for two months now.

Kids are much busier than adults.

When I was a child...

Most of my friends are my  classmates

You enjoyed sharing ideas and thoughts. You were a capable student, and you comprehended a great deal of the lessons taught. You were also a good listener, thus, you grasped everything in the class. Keep on exhibiting such an amazing/fantastic performance.



**Teacher June**

- Allure   
- overtake

why didn't you go for a 256GB iPhone？ It was expensive.





### 21st May 2022

**Teacher Anj**

Talk about who is much busier







### 23rd May 2022



I am very happy today because today we have 3 hours to go out of the housing estate. And one hour to go to the supermarket to buy necessities of life. But unfortunately,  only one person is allowed to go out for one household, so that, my wife stay at home while I went out. These past two months,  lockdown in the housing estate was like putting me into jail. I think the prisoner is much happier than me, they don't need to cook by themselves.

 And the prisoners are allowed out of their cells for two hours a day, but in the past two months, we have even can't allow going out of our apartment door.





